generated with max	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with sample	 The dragon ate the castle of the castle Baratheon  and the commands of the boy was still and stranger every to the
generated with sample	 The dragon ateven her head of the  black of the walls of the fire and the courtes of the countains of the crown of
generated with sample	 The dragon ate him. "I am the same to pie  with the right of the courage to the stars. I was the same to go to the
generated with sample	 The dragon ately the way the gods of the stone of the  stone of the castle of the lands of the red beard and a com
generated with sample	 The dragon ate a little black of her breasts. As we did not have been  and beautiful to make him and stone and the
generated with sample	 The dragon ate her brother and the first time the  stars with the good of the direwolf was a child of starts of th
generated with sample	 The dragon ate him with a shadow of the  stone with the castle of the common of the dragons belly and her sister a
generated with sample	 The dragon ate her with a stone and said, but he  was a bit of steel and see the stars and brown and slayed with a
generated with sample	 The dragon ate him and like a breath and stone and stronger and  she was all at the streets of her face and starte
generated with sample	 The dragon ates and stood and stepped and sleep and stronger to his song.  The other stone was back and stood and 
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t
generated with beam	 The dragon ate his sister and the streets of the  stone of the courtes of the steps of the steps of the steps of t

GotNet(
  (encoder): Embedding(96, 512)
  (gru): GRU(512, 512, batch_first=True)
  (decoder): Linear(in_features=512, out_features=96, bias=True)
)


Epoch 90
Test set: Average loss: 1.4971, Accuracy: 1054034/1894400 (56%), Average perplexity: 5.7608