generated with max	 The dragon atead the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the s
generated with sample	 The dragon atead the first of the steel and closed the stard on the stalls.  The gods was the direwolf stone and s
generated with sample	 The dragon atever the black of the  starts of the black of the great silent ships of the stars. The fire was the l
generated with sample	 The dragon ated the stark of the chance of the steel of the starl of the  dragons and shouted and brought the blac
generated with sample	 The dragon aternated the store the walls of the black  and and her for and stones and still believed the cloak and
generated with sample	 The dragon ateld the real  father to the stone with the dark and suddenly the stark of the stard and shoulders of 
generated with sample	 The dragon atead her back. "He was a lady to the castle of the  man of the door when the steel had been the first 
generated with sample	 The dragon ateptace.  The wind was not a crow when he stupid the castle of the courtest of the gods and the  crown
generated with sample	 The dragon ate the stall of the starks of the wind with the drowned  with the black of the river candless and swor
generated with sample	 The dragon ated the steel that he was a strong to the black of the other brother  and she was a start of his fathe
generated with sample	 The dragon ate the stark of the girl and she was a little sword of the black  candles with a stark to the stark of
generated with beam	 The dragon ate the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the sta
generated with beam	 The dragon ate the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the sta
generated with beam	 The dragon ate the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the sta
generated with beam	 The dragon ate the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the sta
generated with beam	 The dragon ate the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the sta
generated with beam	 The dragon atead the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the s
generated with beam	 The dragon ate the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the sta
generated with beam	 The dragon ate the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the sta
generated with beam	 The dragon ate the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the sta
generated with beam	 The dragon atead the stark of the stark of the stark of the  stone of the stark of the stark of the stark of the s

GotLSTMNet(
  (encoder): Embedding(96, 700)
  (lstm): LSTM(700, 700, batch_first=True)
  (decoder): Linear(in_features=700, out_features=96, bias=True)
)


Epoch 20
Test set: Average loss: 1.5123, Accuracy: 1044267/1894400 (55%), Average perplexity: 5.2117