generated with max	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate the battle of the walls of the shadows of the  cold grey arms and strong and strong the shadows and
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate the trees of the boy and the shores of the sea of the  color of the three portcullis. The sea of th
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate, and the last of the way a third that was a great stone  thousand stone while the fire was still an
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate a side, and the boy was still a doublet of many silver and  strong and the captains of the way the 
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate his lips.  The boy was still a sword of the hall of a late with the wall of the bed strong and stro
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate a strange and stood of the steps of the eldest steel of the  stone room and closed the steel of the
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate his head and she was all and some shield on the fire in the  stone of the steps of the earth of the
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate a stone thing and the shadows and the steps and the  poor red stone was still and strong and strong
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate the stone of the same the stone  serving was strong beneath the darkness of the room. The sea was s
generated with sample	 The white dragon ate the door, and the old man was a brother of the Trident of the  sea. Arya still be stripping to the 
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th
generated with beam	 The white dragon ate his head.  "I was a strong to the sea, and the sea of the sea of the way the streets of the sea. Th

GotNewNet(
  (encoder): Embedding(96, 512)
  (gru): GRU(512, 512, num_layers=4, batch_first=True)
  (decoder_1): Linear(in_features=512, out_features=256, bias=True)
  (decoder_2): Linear(in_features=256, out_features=96, bias=True)
  (batchnorm_0): BatchNorm1d(512, eps=1e-05, momentum=0.1, affine=True, track_running_stats=True)
  (batchnorm_1): BatchNorm1d(512, eps=1e-05, momentum=0.1, affine=True, track_running_stats=True)
  (batchnorm_2): BatchNorm1d(256, eps=1e-05, momentum=0.1, affine=True, track_running_stats=True)
  (relu): ReLU()
)


Epoch 60
Test set: Average loss: 1.3880, Accuracy: 1114564/1894400 (59%), Average perplexity: 6.1671